Thanks,
Mr. Ming started going to the company today to name two people,
Good exchange.
Grandpa, I can't do it,
I grew up with her sharing,
It is to become a lifelong disciple.
This is all a temporary arrangement.
Let me give you a chance in advance so that you can continue more.
I go inside.
You guys are so busy, why don’t you press the button to catch up on the show.
This grandpa’s feelings have changed even more,
Always go for the first half of the day.
I'll try it.
Gave me some coffee. The vice president took the ticket
not yours
The motion was also taken
The vice-president is wanted for suspicion
I'm not a suspect
You worked hard after get off work
OK, thank you. Memorize it.
It's okay to pass Chen Xi if you don't think it's someone else's fault.
why are you here
What am I trying to do as a parent?
why am i here
It’s fun, thank you Chen Xi
I had all my ideas turned to the vice-president, but they turned against me.
Keiji is here, come in